# *Use Case Models*

The Use Case model above illustrates the basic scenario of a user/customer making a purchase on the Novelty Webstore. The secondary function of the diagam is to outline the interactions between each party or "actor" within the scenario, along with their involvement within each step of the model. The lines that extend from actor to use case and actor to actor denote some sort of connection or interaction within the system. As this is the first iteration of Novelty, a large number of the team's desired features have not been implemented and as such, this diagram is our educated projection of what the use cases will be. 

To sumarize the model above, a customer would enter Novelty webstore through the registry page where they would create an account, allowing them to access the store while simultaneously updating our backend account data. In the case of incorrect or already used information, the registry system would return an error and prompt for new details. Once the customer has entered the mian store, they would be able to access account information, browse the store, and place orders (any changes would update our data in the background). After a purchase has been made, all involved external parties would be sent invoices, and the customer would be able to opt in to the mail list. For the final two steps, the customer's account information would be updated in the backend, and the customer's recomended items page would be generated, thus concluded the average projected set of use cases. In essence, these use cases help to define our project as a whole.
