# *Use Case Models*

Being the final iteration of the Novelty project, this final use case model details the complete and fully visualized use scenario. Through the course of the Novelty project, the team has continued to introduce new features and develop it's understanding of architecture design and as such, this final use case model is the team's fully realized and developed set of use cases for Novelty. The model illustrates the most basic set of interactions between between user/customer and Novelty, providing a visual for all tasks executed from front to backend and vice versa. As iteration 3, the team believes that it has developed a suitable prototype, either partially or fully implementing all core elements of the Novelty project. 

The scenario represented on the use case model is that of the average Novelty user experience, the scenario was captured from extensive practical testing, and architectural analysis. First, a user entering the website would encounter the account creation page where valid information would be stored within the Novelty backend, thus allowing the user to proceed to the main website (incorrect information or an error would return a fitting message). After this, Novelty's entire featureset can be leveraged as willed by the user,  allowing them to access account information and browse either best selling or newest which can lead to the use of Novelty's purchase system. Once the checkout form has been correctly filled, the customer will be emailed an invoice which will include an opt-in email option (shipping and payment companies will be notified accordingly). For the last step, all required information will be filled on Novelty's backend and the customer will be recomended products on the "recomended" page which now takes into account genre, series, theme, and more in suggesting options the user in question would likely prefer. Concluding the use case models, iteration 3 is most akin to a working prototype for Novelty, having all necessary features for the bookstore to function and containing the entire team's combined knowledge on architecture, software design, and software structure.
