# *Use Case Models*

Being the same as shown in Iteration 1, this Use Case model illustrates our most basic and common scenario of a user/customer making a purchase on the Novelty Webstore. The diagam also outlines the interactions between all shown actors as well as with their role within each use case. As this is the team's second iteration of the Novelty Online Bookstore, a moderate sum of the team's desired features have been implemented to some extent, with a few core features being more fleshed out compared to others. This iteration has also undergone light testing for performance, functionality, and usability.

The model above represents a customer making a purchase on the Novelty webstore, beginning with his/her entrance to the website through the registry page. When account registration is complete and account data now stored on the team's backend database, the customers can proceed to the bookstore. In the case of incorrect or already used information, the registry system would return an error and prompt for new details and an error email system is in development, notifying registered accounts if any errors are detected. Once the customer has entered the mian store, they can access account information, browse, and place orders. After an order has been placed and confirmed, all involved parties (credit card company, shipping company) would be notified and supplied properly. The customer could then join the opt-in email list or join at any time due to further developments on the feature. Lastly, the customer's account information would be updated in the database accordingly and if opted-in, the customer's recomended items page would be populated in accordance with our database (as it would store purchase information as well), thus concluding the average use case. Being the second iteration, we are now more sure of various characteristics of Novelty, and believe this will be our final use case model to come.
